Penguin Soldier
FLIP: You can target up to 2 monsters on the field; return those targets to the hand.

Penumbral Soldier Lady
When this card battles a LIGHT monster: This card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.

People Running About
Although they always suffer in silence, they swear an oath to inevitably revolt.

Perfect Machine King
This card gains 500 ATK for each other Machine monster on the field.

Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Petit Moth" on your 6th turn or later after it was equipped with "Cocoon of Evolution".

Performance Of Sword
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Commencement Dance".

Peten The Dark Clown
When this card is sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Peten the Dark Clown" from your hand or Deck.

Petit Angel
A quick-moving and tiny fairy that's very difficult to hit.

Petit Dragon
A very small dragon known for its vicious attacks.

Petit Moth
This small but deadly creature is better off avoided.

Pharaoh's Servant
An apparition of those said to formerly serve the Pharaoh. It has tremendous loyalty that does not waiver.

Pharaoh's Treasure
Shuffle this card face-up into your Deck. If you draw this face-up card that was added to the Deck by this effect: Send it to the GY, then target 1 card in your GY, except this card; add that target to your hand.

Pharaonic Protector
The mummy of a soldier that has been guarding the royal family for thousands of years. Even now, its spirit does not allow anybody to trespass.

Phoenix Wing Wind Blast
Discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; place that target on the top of the Deck.

Physical Double
During your opponent's turn: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 "Mirage Token" with the same Level, Type, Attribute, ATK, and DEF as that target. Destroy this Token during the End Phase.

Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment
Damage to you from card effects becomes 0 until the end of this turn.

Pikeru's Second Sight
Until your opponent's second End Phase, your opponent shows you all cards that they draw before adding them to their hand.

Pinch Hopper
When this card you control is sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 Insect monster from your hand.

Pineapple Blast
When you Normal Summon a monster, if your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Destroy your opponent's monsters so that your opponent controls the same number of monsters as you (your opponent chooses which of their monsters are destroyed).

Piranha Army
The damage this card inflicts by direct attack is doubled.

Pitch-Black Power Stone
Activate this card by placing 3 Spell Counters on it. Once per turn, during your turn: You can target 1 other face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on that target. When the last Spell Counter(s) is removed from this card, destroy it.

Pitch-Black Warwolf
Your opponent cannot activate Traps during the Battle Phase.

Pitch-Dark Dragon
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "Dark Blade" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. A monster equipped with this card gains 400 ATK/DEF and inflicts pircing damage, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.

Pixie Knight
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Your opponent targets 1 Spell in your GY; place that card on top of the Deck.

Poison Fangs
When a Beast monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Poison Mummy
FLIP: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Poison Of The Old Man
Activate 1 of these effects;
● Gain 1200 LP.
● Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.

Pole Position
The face-up monster(s) with the highest ATK on the field is unaffected by Spells. When "Pole Position" is removed from the field, destroy the face-up monster(s) with the highest ATK on the field.

Polymerization
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material.

Possessed Dark Soul
You can Tribute this face-up card; take control of all face-up Level 3 or lower monsters your opponent controls.

Pot Of Greed
This card has an unknown effect.

Power Of Kaishin
Equip only to an Aqua monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.

Precious Cards From Beyond
When you Tribute Summon a monster using 2 or more Tributes: Draw 2 cards.

Premature Burial
Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Attack Position and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, destroy the equipped monster.

Prevent Rat
This creature is shielded with a tough hide of hair and is excellent at defending itself.

Prickle Fairy
Your opponent cannot attack Insect monsters. If this card battled a monster, at the end of the Damage Step: Change that monster to Defense Position.

Primal Sneed
If "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" or "Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End" is on the field: Target 2 of your banished cards; add both those targets to your hand.

Princess Of Tsurugi
FLIP: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Spell/Trap they control.

Prohibition
Activate this card by declaring 1 card name; cards with that name, and their effects, cannot be used. Cards already on the field are not affected (including face-down cards).

Protector Of The Sanctuary
Your opponent cannot draw cards except during Draw Phases.

Protector Of The Throne
While the king is away, this queen protects his throne with a mighty defense.

Psychic Kappa
An amphibian with a myriad of powers to shield it from enemy attacks.

Pumpking The King Of Ghosts
When "Castle of Dark Illusions" is face-up on the field, this card gains 100 ATK and DEF, and gains an additional 100 ATK and DEF during each of your next 4 Standby Phases.

Punished Eagle
"Blue-Winged Crown" + "Niwatori"

Pyramid Energy
Activate 1 of these effects;
● Increase the ATK of all face-up monsters on your side of the field by 200 points until the End Phase of this turn.
● Increase the DEF of all face-up monsters on your side of the field by 500 points until the End Phase of this turn.

Pyramid Of Light
When this face-up card is removed from your side of the field, destroy "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" on your side of the field, and if you do, banish them.

Pyramid Turtle
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie monster with 2000 or less DEF from your Deck.

Pyro Clock Of Destiny
Move the turn count forward by 1 turn. The turn in which this card is activated continues as normal.

Queen Bird
This monster attacks enemies using its huge beak.

Queen Of Autumn Leaves
Queen of the Emerald Forest and wife of the Spirit King, she lives surrounded by vivid red leaves.

Queen's Double
This card can attack directly.

Question
When activating this card, your opponent cannot check cards in the Graveyard. Your opponent calls the name of the first monster found at the bottom of your Graveyard; If he/she calls it right, banish that monster. If he/she calls it wrong, Special Summon that monster to your side of the field.

Rabid Horseman
"Battle Ox" + "Mystic Horseman"

Rafflesia Seduction
FLIP: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase of this turn. 

Raging Flame Sprite
This card can attack directly. If this card inflicts damage to your opponent by a direct attack: This card gains 1000 ATK.

Raigeki
Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.

Raigeki Break
Discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.

Raimei
Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.

Rain Of Mercy
Both players gain 1000 LP.

Rainbow Flower
This card can attack directly.

Raise Body Heat
Equip only to a Dinosaur monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.

Rare Metal Dragon
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set.

Rare Metalmorph
Activate this card by targeting 1 Machine monster on the field; while this card is face-up on the field, that Machine monster gains 500 ATK, also negate the first Spell effect that targets that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.

Raregold Armor
Your opponent cannot attack other monsters.

Ray & Temperature
The Sun and the North Wind join hands to deliver a devastating combination of heat and gale-force winds.

Ray Of Hope
Target 2 LIGHT monsters in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck.

Re-Fusion
Activate by this card paying 800 LP, then target 1 Fusion monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, banish the equipped monster.

Ready For Intercepting
Target 1 Warrior or Spellcaster monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position.

Really Eternal Rest
Destroy all equipped monsters.

Reaper Of The Cards
FLIP: Target 1 Trap on the field; Destroy it. If the target is Set, reveal it. If it is a Spell, return it to its original position.

Reaper On The Nightmare
"Spirit Reaper" + "Nightmare Horse"
Cannot be destroyed by battle. After resolving a card effect that targets this face-up card, destroy this card. This card can attack directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard 1 random card from their hand.

Reasoning
Your opponent declares a monster Level from 1 to 12. Excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set, then, if that monster is the same Level as the one declared by your opponent, send all excavated cards to the GY. If not, Special Summon the excavated monster, also send the remaining cards to the GY.

Reckless Greed
Draw 2 cards and skip your next 2 Draw Phases.

Recycle
During your Standby Phase: You can pay 300 LP, then target 1 Spell/Trap in your GY; send it to the bottom of the Deck.

Red Archery Girl
A mermaid archer that hides in a protective shell, waiting for the right moment to strike.

Red Medicine
Gain 500 LP.

Red-Eyes Black Dragon
A ferocious dragon with a deadly attack.

Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Deck) by Tributing "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" equipped with "Metalmorph".

Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". Gains 300 ATK for each Dragon monster in your GY.

Reflect Bounder
Before damage calculation, if this card is being attacked by an opponent's monster, and was in face-up Attack Position at the start of the Damage Step: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the attacking monster's ATK. If you do, after damage calculation: Destroy this card.

Regenerating Mummy
When this card is sent from your hand to your GY by an opponent's card effect: Return this card to the hand.

Reinforcement Of The Army
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand.

Reinforcements
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn.

Release Restraint
Tribute 1 "Gearfried the Iron Knight"; Special Summon 1 "Gearfried the Swordmaster" from your hand or Deck.

Relinquished
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Black Illusion Ritual". Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card (max. 1). This card's ATK/DEF become equal to that equipped monster's. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy that equipped monster instead, and inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took.

Reload
Send all cards from your hand to the Deck, then shuffle. Then, draw the same number of cards you added to the Deck.

Remove Brainwashing
The control of all monsters on the field returns to the owners.

Remove Trap
Target 1 face-up Trap on the field; Destroy that target.

Rescue Cat
You can send this card you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Beast monsters from your Deck, but destroy them during the End Phase.

Reshef The Dark Being
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Final Ritual of the Ancients". Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell from your hand, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase of this turn.

Respect Play
The turn player must play with their hand revealed.

Restructer Revolution
Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand.

Return From The Different Dimension
Pay half your Life Points; Special Summon as many of your banished monsters as possible, but banish them during the End Phase.

Return Of The Doomed
Discard 1 monster from your hand to the GY; during the End Phase, add 1 monster that was destroyed by battle and sent to your GY this turn to your hand.

Reversal Quiz
Send all cards from your hand and your side of the field to the GY, then call Spell, Trap, or Monster; reveal the top card of your Deck. If you called it right, both players exchange LP.

Reverse Trap
Until the End Phase, all effects that add or subtract ATK or DEF are reversed. (Additions now subtract, and subtractions now add, instead. Multiplications and divisions, including halving/doubling, are not affected.)

Revival Jam
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can pay 1000 LP; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position during your next Standby Phase.

Revival Of Dokurorider
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Dokurorider". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 6 or more.

Right Arm Of The Forbidden One
A forbidden right arm sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.

Right Leg Of The Forbidden One
A forbidden right leg sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.

Ring Of Destruction
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that face-up monster, and if you do, inflict damage to both players equal to that target's ATK.

Ring Of Magnetism
Equip only to a monster you control. It loses 500 ATK/DEF, also your opponent can only attack the equipped monster.

Riryoku
Target 2 face-up monsters on the field; halve the ATK of 1 monster, and if you do, add that lost ATK to the other monster. These effects last until the End Phase.

Riryoku Field
When a Spell Card that targets exactly 1 monster on the field (and no other cards) is activated: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Rising Air Current
All WIND monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.

Rite Of Spirit
Target 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. This card's activation and effect are unaffected by "Necrovalley".

Ritual Weapon
Equip only to a Level 6 or lower Ritual Monster. It gains 1500 ATK and DEF.

Rivalry Of Warlords
Each player can only control 1 Type of monster. Send all other face-up monsters they control to the GY.

Roaring Ocean Snake
"Mystic Lamp" + "Hyosube"

Robbin' Goblin
If your monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Discard 1 random card from their hand.

Robbin' Zombie
If your monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Send the top card of their Deck to the GY.

Robolady
A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Roboyarou".

Robotic Knight
The Commander of Machine-Types, he serves the Machine King. He is famous for the way he controls his troops.

Roboyarou
A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Robolady".

Roc From The Valley Of Haze
When this card is sent from your hand to the GY: Shuffle this card into the Deck.

Rock Bombardment
Send 1 Rock monster from your Deck to the GY; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Rock Ogre Grotto #1
Protected by a solid body of rock, this monster throws a bone-shattering punch.

Rocket Jumper
If your opponent only controls Defense Position monsters: This card can attack directly.

Rod Of Silence - Kay'Est
The equipped monster gains 500 DEF. Negate other Spell effects that target the equipped monster, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card.

Rod Of The Mind's Eye
If the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: The damage becomes 1000.

Rogue Doll
A deadly doll gifted with mystical power, it is particularly powerful when attacking against dark forces.

Root Water
An amphibian capable of calling up a massive tidal wave from the dark seas to wipe out enemy monsters.

Rope Of Life
When a monster(s) is destroyed by battle and sent to your GY: Discard your entire hand (min.1), then target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 800 ATK.

Roulette Barrel
Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die twice, choose 1 result, and destroy 1 monster on the field whose Level is equal to that result

Royal Command
Flip monsters' effects cannot be activated, also their effects are negated.

Royal Decree
Negate all other Trap effects on the field.

Royal Keeper
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: It gains 300 ATK and DEF until the End Phase.

Royal Magical Library
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves (max. 3). You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; draw 1 card.

Royal Oppression
Either player can pay 800 LP to negate the Special Summon of a monster(s), and/or an effect that Special Summons a monster(s), and destroy those cards.

Royal Surrender
When your opponent activates a Continuous Trap Card: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Royal Tribute
If you control "Necrovalley": Both players discard any monsters in their hands.

Rude Kaiser
With an axe in each hand, this monster delivers heavy damage.

Rush Recklessly
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn.

Ryu Kokki
At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled a Warrior or Spellcaster monster: Destroy that monster.

Ryu Senshi
"Warrior Dai Grepher" + "Spirit Ryu"
A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. When a Normal Trap Card is activated (Quick Effect): You can pay 1000 LP; negate that effect. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. Negate the effects of any Spell Card that targets this card and destroy it.

Ryu-Kishin
A very elusive creature that looks like a harmless statue until it attacks.

Ryu-Kishin Clown
When this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change its battle position.

Ryu-Kishin Powered
A gargoyle enhanced by the powers of darkness. Very sharp talons make it a worthy opponent.

Ryu-Ran
A vicious little dragon sheltered in an egg that looks deceptively harmless.

Sacred Crane
When this card is Special Summoned: The controller of this card draws 1 card.

Sacred Phoenix Of Nephthys
Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the GY: Special Summon this card from the GY. If you do: Destroy all Spells and Traps on the field.

Sage's Stone
If you control a face-up "Dark Magician Girl": Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand or Deck.

Saggi The Dark Clown
This clown appears from nowhere and executes very strange moves to avoid enemy attacks.

Sakuretsu Armor
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; destroy that target.

Salamandra
Equip only to a FIRE monster. It gains 700 ATK.

Salvage
Target 2 WATER monsters with 1500 or less ATK in your GY; add those targets to your hand.

Sand Gambler
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can toss a coin 3 times. If all 3 results are Heads, destroy all monsters on your opponent's side of the field. If all 3 results are Tails, destroy all monsters on your side of the field.

Sand Stone
Appears from underground and attacks with long, snake-like tentacles.

Sanga Of The Thunder
During damage calculation in your opponent's turn, if this card is being attacked (Quick Effect): You can target the attacking monster; make that target's ATK 0 during damage calculation only. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.

Sangan
If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Add 1 monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.

Sanwitch
"Sangan" + "Witch of the Black Forest"

Sasuke Samurai
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that face-down monster.

Sasuke Samurai #2
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can pay 800 LP; Spells/Traps cannot be activated until the End Phase.

Sasuke Samurai #3
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent draws cards until their hand has 7 cards.

Sasuke Samurai #4
When this card battles a monster, before damage calculation: Toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, destroy that monster.

Scapegoat
Special Summon 4 "Sheep Tokens" (Beast/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. They cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Normal Set).

Science Solider
Soldiers equipped with state-of-the-art weaponry to face unknown creatures.

Scroll Of Bewitchment
Activate this card by declaring 1 Attribute; the equipped monster becomes that Attribute.

Sea Serpent Warrior Of Darkness
A warrior who defends the world of the Sea of Darkness. He prides himself on his fighting prowess both on the ground and, of course, in the water.

Seal Of The Ancients
Pay 1000 LP; reveal all face-down cards on your opponent's side of the field, then return them to their original positions. (Their effects are not activated)

Sealmaster Meisei
One of the few people who has a good command of Talismans. His history is a mystery.

Sebek's Blessing
If your monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Gain the same amount of LP.

Second Coin Toss
When a coin toss is performed, you can choose to redo the coin toss. (If the toss involved multiple coin flips, redo all of them.) You can only use the effect of "Second Coin Toss" once per turn.

Second Goblin
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "Giant Orc" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead. Once per turn: You can change the equipped monster's battle position.

Secret Barrel
Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand and each card they control.

Secret Pass To The Treasures
Target 1 face-up monster on your side of the field with 1000 or less ATK; That face-up monster can attack directly until the End Phase.

Seiyaryu
A mystical dragon that burns away the unworthy with its mystic flames.

Self-Destruct Button
When your LP are lower than your opponent's LP and the difference is 7000 or more: Both players' LP become 0.

Sengenjin
An unstoppable savage that carries Millennium Items.

Senju Of The Thousand Hands
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand.

Senri Eye
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can pay 100 LP; look the card on top of your opponent's Deck and return it to its original position. Your opponent cannot look at the card.

Serial Spell
When you activate a Normal Spell Card: Discard all cards in your hand to the GY; the effect of this card becomes the same as that Normal Spell Card.

Serpent Night Dragon
A dragon created from the soul of a wicked knight.

Serpentine Princess
If this face-up card is returned from the field to your Deck: Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your Deck.

Servant Of Catabolism
This card can attack directly.

Seven Tools Of The Bandit
When a Trap Card is activated: Pay 1000 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Shadow Ghoul
This card gains 100 ATK for each monster in your GY.

Shadow Of Eyes
When a monster(s) is Set on your opponent's field: Target 1 of those Set monsters; change that Set monster to face-up Attack Position. (Flip Effects are not activated.)

Shadow Spell
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 700 ATK, also it cannot attack or change its battle position. When it leaves the field, destroy this card.

Shadow Tamer
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
FLIP: Target 1 Fiend monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.

Shadowknight Archfiend
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Pay 900 LP. If this card is targeted your opponent's card effect: Roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect, and if you do, destroy that card. The Battle Damage this card inflicts to your opponent is halved.

Shadowslayer
If all monsters your opponent controls are in Defense Position, this card can attack directly.

Shapesnatch
A bow tie with horrible power, it attacks an opponent by controlling others.

Share The Pain
Tribute 1 monster; make your opponent Tribute 1 monster (for no effect).

Shield & Sword
Switch the original ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters currently on the field until the End Phase.

Shift
When your opponent targets exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards) for an attack, or with a Spell/Trap effect: Target another monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that attack/Spell/Trap now targets the new target.

Shifting Shadows
Once per turn: You can pay 300 LP; rearrange the face-down Defense Position monsters in your Monster Card Zones, then return them in face-down Defense Position.

Shinato's Ark
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 8 or more from the field or your hand.

Shinato, King Of A Higher Plane
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Shinato's Ark". When this card destroys a Defense Position monster by battle and sends it to the GY: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.

Shining Abyss
This monster employs the powers of both Light and Darkness.

Shining Angel
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 LIGHT monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.

Shining Friendship
The peacemaker among monsters.

Shooting Star Bow - Ceal
The equipped monster loses 1000 ATK, but it can attack directly.

Silent Swordsman LV3
Negate your opponent's Spell effects that target this card. During your Standby Phase: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Swordsman LV5" from your hand or Deck. You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Summoned or flipped face-up.

Silent Swordsman LV5
Unaffected by your opponent's Spells. During your next Standby Phase after this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Swordsman LV7" from your hand or Deck.

Silent Swordsman LV7
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Silent Swordsman LV5". Negate all Spell effects on the field.

Silpheed
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 WIND monster in your GY. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Your opponent discards 1 random card.

Silver Bow And Arrow
Equip only to a Fairy monster. It gains 300 ATK/DEF.

Silver Fang
A snow wolf that's beautiful to the eye, but absolutely vicious in battle.

Sinister Serpent
During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can add it to your hand.

Skill Drain
Activate this card by paying 1000 LP; negate the effects of all face-up monsters on the field, but their effects can still be activated.

Skilled Dark Magician
When a Spell resolves: Place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand, Deck, or GY.

Skilled White Magician
When a Spell resolves: Place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" from your hand, Deck, or GY.

Skull Archfiend Of Lightning
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Pay 500 LP. If this card is targeted your opponent's card effect: Roll a six-sided die. If the result is 1, 3, or 6, negate the effect, and if you do, destroy that card.

Skull Dice
Roll a six-sided die. All monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK/DEF equal to the result x 100, until the End Phase.

Skull Dog Marron
A lost dog that wandered off 1000 years ago. He's still waiting for his master to come for him.

Skull Guardian
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Novox's Prayer".

Skull Invitation
When a card(s) is sent to the GY: Inflict 300 damage to its owner for each card sent.

Skull Knight
"Tainted Wisdom" + "Ancient Brain"

Skull Knight #2
If you Tribute this card to Tribute Summon a Fiend monster: Special Summon 1 "Skull Knight #2" from your Deck.

Skull Lair
Target 1 face-up monster on the field, then banish monsters from your GY equal to its Level; destroy that target.

Skull Mariner
A pirate ship that appears out of the mist and sinks any seagoing vessels.

Skull Red Bird
This monster swoops down and attacks with a rain of knives stored in its wings.

Skull Servant
A skeletal ghost that isn't strong but can mean trouble in large numbers.

Skull-Mark Ladybug
When this card is sent to the GY: Gain 1000 LP.

Sky Dragon
A flying dragon with four wings housing some very dangerous blades.

Sky Scout
With eyes like a hawk and a flying speed exceeding Mach 5, this monster is a master of the sky.

Slate Warrior
FLIP: This card gains 500 ATK/DEF.
If this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK/DEF.

Sleeping Lion
A ferocious animal that sleeps all day. Sometimes it's better to let Sleeping Lions lie.

Slime Toad
A slime with the head of a frog, it attacks by croaking terribly.

Slot Machine
The machine's ability is said to vary according to its slot results.

Smashing Ground
Destroy the face-up monster your opponent controls that has the highest DEF (your choice, if tied).

Smoke Grenade Of The Thief
When this card is destroyed by a card effect while equipped to a monster: Look at your opponent's hand and discard 1 card from their hand.

Snake Fang
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 500 DEF until the End Phase.

Snatch Steal
Equip only to a monster your opponent controls. Take control of the equipped monster. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: They gain 1000 LP.

Sogen
All Warrior and Beast-Warrior monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF.

Solar Flare Dragon
While you control another Pyro monster, this card cannot be attacked. During your End Phase: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Solar Ray
Inflict 600 damage to your opponent for each face-up LIGHT monster you control.

Solemn Judgement
When a monster(s) would be Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap is activated: Pay half your LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.

Solemn Wishes
When you draw a card(s): Gain 500 LP.

Solomon's Lawbook
Skip your next Standby Phase.

Sonic Bird
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand.

Sonic Duck
A duck which can walk at a sonic speed. Sometimes, he cannot deal with his incredible pace and loses control.

Sonic Jammer
FLIP: Your opponent cannot activate Spells until the End Phase of next turn.

Sonic Maid
A maiden that uses sound to her advantage, she wields a scythe that's shaped like a musical note.

Sorcerer Of Dark Magic
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 2 Level 6 or higher Spellcaster monsters. When a Trap is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.

Sorcerer Of The Doomed
A slave of the dark arts, this sorcerer is a master of life-extinguishing spells.

Soul Absorption
If a card(s) is banished: Gain 500 LP for each.

Soul Demolition
If you control a Fiend monster: You can pay 500 LP, then each player targets 1 monster in their opponent's GY; banish those targets.

Soul Exchange
Target 1 monster your opponent controls; this turn, if you Tribute a monster, you must Tribute that target, as if you controlled it. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.

Soul Of Purity And Light
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 LIGHT monsters in your GY. Monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK during their Battle Phase only.

Soul Of The Pure
Gain 800 LP.

Soul Release
Target up to 5 cards in any GY(s); banish them.

Soul Resurrection
Activate this card by targeting 1 Normal Monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.

Soul Reversal
Target 1 Flip monster in your GY; add that target to the top of the Deck.

Soul Tiger
The soul of a tiger that is said to devour human souls. He is a famous soul that you wouldn't want to run into in a dark alley.

Soul-Absorbing Bone Tower
If you control another Zombie monster, your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. Each time a Zombie monster(s) is Special Summoned: Send the top 2 cards of your opponent's Deck to the GY.

Souleater
A living wonder of mystery.

Souls Of The Forgotten
A wicked spirit created by the hateful souls of those who fell in battle. It grows by assimilating the souls of its enemies.

Space Mambo
A Space Mambo floating in the vast universe. This living relic was found in the ruins of a super civilization on Alphard 4.

Sparks
Inflict 200 damage to your opponent.

Spatial Collapse
You can activate this card if you and your opponent each have 5 or less cards on the field: The maximum number of cards each player can have on the field is 5.

Spear Cretin
FLIP: When this card is sent to the GY, each player targets 1 monster in their GY, then Special Summons them to their side of the field in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position.

Spear Dragon
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing damage. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.

Special Hurricane
Discard 1 card; destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field.

Spell Absorption
Each time a Spell Card is activated, gain 500 LP immediately after it resolves.

Spell Canceller
Spell Cards, and their effects on the field, cannot be activated. Negate all Spell effects on the field.

Spell Economics
You do not pay LP to activate Spells.

Spell Purification
Discard 1 card; destroy all face-up Continuous Spells on the field.

Spell Reproduction
Send 2 Spells from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Spell in your GY; add it to your hand.

Spell Shield Type-8
Activate 1 of these effects;
● When a Spell is activated that targets exactly 1 monster on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
● When a Spell is activated: Send 1 Spell from your hand to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Spell Vanishing
When a Spell is activated: Discard 2 cards; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Then, look at your opponent's hand and Deck and send any Spells with the same name as the destroyed Spell to the GY.

Spell-Stopping Statute
When your opponent activates a Continuous Spell: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Spellbinding Circle
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster your opponent controls; it cannot attack or change its battle position. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.

Spellbook Organization
Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, then return them to the top of the Deck in any order.

Spherous Lady
Many have been deceived by the beauty of this vampire.

Sphinx Teleia
When "Pyramid of Light" is on the field: You can pay 500 LP; Special Summon this card. This card cannot attack during the turn that it is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. If this card destroys a Defense Position monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's DEF.

Spike Seadra
Using the spikes sprouting from its body, this creature stabs its opponents and floods them with electricity.

Spikebot
A mechanical soldier created by a wicked sorcerer, it attacks with the two steel balls attached to its arms.

Spiral Spear Strike
If "Gaia The Fierce Knight", "Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight", or "Gaia the Dragon Champion" you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If "Gaia the Dragon Champion" inflicts battle damage with this effect: Draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.

Spirit Barrier
While you control a monster, you take no battle damage.

Spirit Caller
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Normal Monster from your GY.

Spirit Elimination
Until the End Phase, if a monster(s) in the GY would be banished: You can banish an equal number of monsters on your side of the field instead.

Spirit Message "A"
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".

Spirit Message "I"
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".

Spirit Message "L"
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".

Spirit Message "N"
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".

Spirit Of Flames
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 FIRE monster from your GY. This card gains 300 ATK during your Battle Phase only.

Spirit Of The Books
This wise spirit dwells in books, using its accumulated knowledge to defeat enemies.

Spirit Of The Breeze
During your Standby Phase, if this card is in face-up Attack Position: Gain 1000 LP.

Spirit Of The Harp
A spirit that soothes the soul with the music of its heavenly harp.

Spirit Of The Pharaoh
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of "The First Sarcophagus". When this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 4 Level 2 or lower Zombie Normal Monsters in your GY; Special Summon those targets.

Spirit Of The Pot Of Greed
When this card is in face-up Attack Position, if a player activates "Pot of Greed": That player can draw 1 more card.

Spirit Reaper
Cannot be destroyed by battle. After resolving a card effect that targets this face-up card, destroy this card. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard 1 random card from their hand.

Spirit Ryu
During your Battle Step, if this card battles (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Dragon monster to the GY; this card gains 1000 ATK/DEF until the end of the Battle Phase.

Spirit's Invitation
When a Spirit monster returns to your hand: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, pay 500 LP or destroy this card. 

Spiritual Energy Settle Machine
Spirit monsters do not return to the hand during the End Phase. Once per turn, during your End Phase, discard 1 card or destroy this card. When this card is removed from the field, return all face-up Spirit monsters to the hand.

Spiritualism
Return 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls to the hand. This card's activation and effect cannot be negated.

Spring Of Rebirth
When a monster(s) return from the field to the hand: Gain 500 LP.

ST. Joan
"The Forgiving Maiden" + "Darklord Marie"

Stamping Destruction
If you control a Dragon monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to its controller.

Star Boy
All WATER monsters gain 500 ATK and all FIRE monsters lose 400 ATK.

Statue Of The Wicked
When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the GY: Special Summon 1 "Wicked Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000).

Staunch Defender
When your opponent declares an attack: Target 1 face-up monster you control; during this turn, your opponent can only target that face-up monster for attacks and must attack with all face-up monsters they control.

Stealth Bird
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.

Steel Ogre Grotto #1
A steel idol worshipped in the Land of Machines.

Steel Ogre Grotto #2
A mechanized iron doll with tremendous strength.

Steel Scorpion
If this card is attacked by a non-Machine monster: Destroy that monster during your opponent's 3rd End Phase after the attack.
                                                   
Steel Shells
A WATER monster equipped with this card gains 400 ATK and loses 200 DEF.

Stim-Pack
The equipped monster gains 700 ATK. During each of your Standby Phases, the equipped monster loses 200 ATK.

Stone Ogre Grotto
A behemoth shaped by giant boulders.

Stone Statue Of The Aztecs
Double any Battle Damage your opponent takes when they attack this monster.

Stop Defense
Target 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change it to Attack Position.

Stray Lambs
Special Summon 2 "Lamb Tokens" (Beast/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).

Strike Ninja
(Quick Effect): You can banish 2 DARK monsters from your GY; banish this face-up card until the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Strike Ninja" once per turn.

Stuffed Animal
It may look like a harmless stuffed animal, but its zipper mouth deals a deadly bite.

Stumbling
Any monster that is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned or Special Summoned is changed to Defense Position.

Succubus Knight
A warrior wizard adept in casting bone-chilling spells.

Suijin
During damage calculation in your opponent's turn, if this card is being attacked (Quick Effect): You can target the attacking monster; make that target's ATK 0 during damage calculation only. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.

Summoned Skull
A fiend with dark powers for confusing the enemy. Among the Fiend-Type monsters, this monster boasts considerable force.

(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)

Summoner Of Illusions
FLIP: Tribute 1 other monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase.

Super Rejuvenation
During the End Phase of the turn this card was activated, draw a number of cards equal to the combined number of Dragon monsters you discarded or Tributed from your hand or field this turn.

Super Robolady
"Robolady" + "Roboyarou"
During your Main Phase, if this card was not Special Summoned this turn: You can return this card from the field to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Super Roboyarou" from your Extra Deck. When this card attacks directly: It gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.

Super Roboyarou
"Roboyarou" + "Robolady"
During your Main Phase, if this card was not Special Summoned this turn: You can return this card from the field to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Super Robolady" from your Extra Deck. When this card battles an opponent's monster: This card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.  

Supply
FLIP: Return 2 Fusion-Material monsters that were sent to the GY as a result of a Fusion Summon to your hand.  

Susa Soldier
This card cannot be Special Summoned. The Battle Damage this card inflicts to your opponent is halved. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
  
Swamp Battleguard
This card gains 500 ATK for each "Lava Battleguard" you control.  

Swarm Of Locusts
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy that target.

Swarm Of Scarabs
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.

Swift Gaia The Fierce Knight
If this is the only card in your hand, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.       

Sword Hunter
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster(s) by battle and sent it to the GY this Battle Phase: Equip that monster(s) from the GY to this card as an Equip Spell(s) with this effect.
● The equipped monster gains 200 ATK.         

Sword Of Dark Destruction
Equip only to a DARK monster. It gains 400 ATK and loses 200 DEF.

Sword Of Deep-Seated
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK/DEF. If this card is sent to your GY: Place it on top of your Deck.

Sword Of Dragon's Soul
Equip only to a Warrior monster. It gains 700 ATK. After damage calculation, if the equipped monster battled a Dragon monster: Destroy that monster at the end of that Battle Phase.

Sword Of The Soul-Eater
Equip only to a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster on your side of the field. When you activate this card, Tribute all Normal Monsters (except Tokens and the equipped monster) on your side of the field; the equipped monster gains 1000 ATK for each Tributed monster.

Swords Of Concealing Light
Destroy this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation. When this card resolves, change all monsters your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position. Monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions.

Swords Of Revealing Light
After this card's activation, it remains on the field, but you must destroy it during the End Phase of your opponent's 3rd turn. When this card is activated: If your opponent controls a face-down monster, flip all monsters they control face-up. While this card is face-up on the field, your opponent's monsters cannot declare an attack.

Swordsman Of Landstar
An amateur with a sword, this fairy warrior relies on its mysterious powers.   

Swordstalker
A monster formed by the vengeful souls of those who passed away in battle.

Tactical Espionage Expert
When this card is Normal Summoned: Traps cannot be activated.         

Tailor Of The Fickle
Switch 1 Equip Card equipped to a monster to another correct target.

Tainted Wisdom
If this Attack Position card is changed to face-up Defense Position: Shuffle your Deck.

Takriminos
A member of a race of sea serpents that freely travels through the sea.

Takuhee
This bird is known far and wide as a harbinger of doom.

Talisman Of Spell Sealing
Activate only when "Sealmaster Meisei" is face-up on your side of the field. Spells, and their effects on the field, cannot be activated. Negate all Spell effects on the field. When "Sealmaster Meisei" leaves the field: Destroy this card.    

Talisman Of Trap Sealing
Activate only when "Sealmaster Meisei" is face-up on your side of the field. Traps, and their effects on the field, cannot be activated. Negate all Trap effects on the field. When "Sealmaster Meisei" leaves the field: Destroy this card.

Taunt
Activate only during your opponent's Main Phase 1; select 1 monster on your side of the field. While the selected card remains on the field, if your opponent attacks with a monster(s) this turn, they must select the selected monster as the attack target.

Terra The Terrible
Known as a swamp dweller, this creature is a minion of the dark forces.

Terraforming
Add 1 Field Spell from your Deck to your hand.

Terrorking Archfiend
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned unless you control a face-up "Archfiend" monster. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Pay 800 LP. When this card is targeted by your opponent's card effect: Roll a six-sided die. If the result is 2 or 5, negate the effect, and if you do, destroy that card. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with this card.   

Terrorking Salmon
A feared salmon, master of the Sea of Darkness. Its roe is the best delicacy in the World of Darkness.

Teva
When this card is Tribute Summoned: Your opponent cannot declare an attack during their next turn.

The 13th Grave
A zombie that suddenly appeared from plot #13 - an empty grave.

The A. Forces
All Warrior monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each Warrior or Spellcaster monster you control.

The Agent Of Creation - Venus
You can pay 500 LP; Special Summon 1 "Mystical Shine Ball" from your hand or Deck.

The Agent Of Force - Mars
This card is unaffected by Spells. When you control a face-up "The Sanctuary in the Sky" and your LP are higher than your opponent's: This card gains ATK/DEF equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's.

The Agent Of Judgment - Saturn
When your LP are higher than your opponent's: You can Tribute this card; if you control a face-up "The Sanctuary in the Sky", inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.

The Agent Of Wisdom - Mercury
During your Standby Phase, if you controlled this face-up card and had no cards in your hand at the end of the opponent's last End Phase: Draw 1 card.

The All-Seeing White Tiger
A proud ruler of the jungle that some fear and others respect.

The Big March Of Animals
All face-up Beast monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each Beast monster you control, until the end of this turn.

The Bistro Butcher
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent draws 2 cards.

The Cheerful Coffin
Discard up to 3 Monsters from your hand to the GY.

The Creator
Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your GY; send 1 card from your hand to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon that target.

The Creator Incarnate
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "The Creator" from your hand.

The Dark - Hex-Sealed Fusion
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding DARK Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.

The Dark Door
Only 1 monster can attack during each Battle Phase.

The Dragon Dwelling In The Cave
A huge dragon dwelling in a cave. It is horrible when it gets angry, although it is usually quiet. It is said to preserve certain treasures.

The Dragon's Bead
When a Trap is activated that targets a face-up Dragon monster on the field: Discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. 

The Earl Of Demise
This gentlemanly creature is extremely wicked, feared by man and fiend alike.

The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding EARTH Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.

The Emperor's Holiday
Negate all Equip Card effects on the field.

The End Of Anubis
Spell, Trap, and Monster effects that target a card(s) in the GY or that activate in the GY are negated.

The Eye Of Truth
Your opponent must keep their hand revealed. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase, if they have a Spell(s) in their hand: They gain 1000 LP if they have a Spell(s) in their hand at resolution.

The Fiend Megacyber
If your opponent controls at least 2 more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).

The First Sarcophagus
During each of your opponent's End Phases, place 1 card face-up on your side of the field from your hand or Deck in this order: "The Second Sarcophagus", "The Third Sarcophagus". If 1 "Sarcophagus" card is removed from your side of the field, all of them on your side of the field are sent to the GY. When you have all 3 "Sarcophagus" cards on your side of the field, send all "Sarcophagus" cards on your side of the field to the GY to Special Summon 1 "Spirit of the Pharaoh" from your hand or Deck.

The Flute Of Summoning Dragon
Special Summon up to 2 Dragon monsters from your hand. "Lord of D." must be on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.

The Forceful Sentry
Look at your opponent's hand, then send 1 card from their hand to the Deck.

The Forgiving Maiden
You can target 1 monster in your GY that was destroyed by battle and sent there this turn: Tribute this card; return that target to your hand.

The Furious Sea King
Grand King of the Seven Seas, he's able to summon massive tidal waves to drown the enemy.

The Graveyard In The Fourth Dimension
Target 2 "LV" monsters in your GY; Shuffle them into the Deck.

The Gross Ghost Of Fled Dreams
This monster feeds on the dreams of an unwary sleeper, dragging the victim into eternal slumber.

The Hunter With 7 Weapons
When this card is Normal Summoned: Declare 1 Type. When this card battles a monster of that Type: This card gains 1000 ATK during Damage Calculation only.

The Illusory Gentleman
Wearing odd fashions, this gentleman is very fickle. He sometimes saves people and at other times commits crimes.

The Immortal Of Thunder
FLIP: Gain 3000 LP. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Take 5000 damage.

The Inexperienced Spy
Look at 1 card in your opponent's hand.

The Judgement Hand
An all-powerful hand that delivers ruthless attacks.

The Kick Man
When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 appropriate Equip Spell in your GY; equip it to this card.

The Last Warrior From Another Planet
"Zombyra the Dark" + "Maryokutai"
If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all other monsters you control. Neither player can Summon monsters.

The Law Of The Normal
If you control 5 face-up Level 2 or lower Normal monsters: Discard all cards from both player's hands, and destroy all cards on the field except Level 2 or lower Normal monsters.

The Legendary Fisherman
While "Umi" is on the field, this card is unaffected by Spells and cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking directly.

The Light - Hex-Sealed Fusion
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding LIGHT Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.

The Little Swordsman Of Aile
You can Tribute 1 monster you control; this card gains 700 ATK until the End Phase.

The Masked Beast
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Curse of the Masked Beast".

The Portrait's Secret
A portrait cursed by the artist, it is said to bring ill fortune to anyone who owns it.

The Puppet Magic Of Dark Ruler
Target 1 Fiend monster in your GY; banish face-up monsters you control whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of that monster, then Special Summon it.

The Regulation Of Tribe
Activate this card by declaring 1 Type; monsters of that Type cannot attack. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster you control or destroy this card.

The Reliable Guardian
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 700 DEF until the end of this turn.

The Rock Spirit
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 EARTH monster from your GY. Gains 300 ATK during your opponent's Battle Phase only.

The Sanctuary In The Sky
Battle damage to the controller of a Fairy monster from a battle involving that monster becomes 0.

The Second Sarcophagus
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus".

The Secret Of The Bandit
During Main Phase 1: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the End Phase, when that target inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, discard 1 random card from their hand.

The Shallow Grave
Each player targets 1 monster in their own GY; each player Special Summons the target from their GY in face-down Defense Position.

The Spell Absorbing Life
Change all face-down Defense Position monsters on the field to face-up Defense Position (Flip monsters' effects are not activated at this time), also gain 400 LP for each Effect monster on the field.

The Statue Of Easter Island
A stone monument from Easter Island that launches laser blasts from its rock-hewn lips.

The Stern Mystic
FLIP: Reveal all face-down cards on the field (Flip Effects are not activated), then return them to their original positions.

The Thing In The Crater
When this card is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Pyro monster from your hand.

The Third Sarcophagus
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus".

The Trojan Horse
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of an EARTH monster.

The Unfreindly Amazon
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster you control or destroy this card.

The Unhappy Girl
If this card is in Attack Position: This card cannot be destroyed by battle, also, a monster that battled this card cannot change its battle position or attack.

The Unhappy Maiden
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: End the Battle Phase.

The Warrior Returning Alive
Target 1 Warrior monster in your GY; add that target to your hand.

The Wicked Worm Beast
During your End Phase: Return this face-up card you control to the hand.

Theban Nightmare
Gains 1500 ATK while you have no cards in your hand nor in your Spell/Trap Zones. 

Theinen The Great Sphinx
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Deck) by paying 500 LP when both "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" on your side of the field are destroyed at the same time. When this card is Special Summoned: Pay 500 LP; this card gains 3000 ATK until the end of this turn.

Thestalos The Firestorm Monarch
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand, then, if it was a Monster Card, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original Level x 100.

Thousand Dragon
"Time Wizard" + "Baby Dragon"

Thousand Energy
Face-up Level 2 Normal Monsters (except Tokens) you control gain 1000 ATK/DEF until the End Phase. Destroy all face-up Level 2 Normal Monsters you control during the End Phase.

Thousand Knives
If you control "Dark Magician": Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.

Thousand Needles
When this Defense Position card is attacked by a monster with lower ATK than this card's DEF: Destroy that monster at the end of the Damage Step.

Thousand-Eyes Idol
A wicked entity that controls the hearts of men, its thousand eyes are able to see and expand the negative influences in an individual's soul.

Thousand-Eyes Restrict
"Relinquished" + "Thousand-Eyes Idol"
Other monsters on the field cannot change their battle positions or attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card (max. 1). This card's ATK/DEF become equal to that equipped monster's. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy that equipped monster instead.

Threatening Roar
Your opponent cannot declare an attack this turn.

Three-Headed Geedo
A three-headed nocturnal monster that is absolutely ruthless when fighting.

Three-Legged Zombies
A pair of friendly skeletons, lean and fat, that travel with extreme difficulty.

Throwstone Unit
You can Tribute 1 Warrior monster; Destroy 1 face-up monster on the field with DEF equal or less than the ATK of Tribute 1 Warrior monster on your side of the field to destroy 1 face-up monster on the field whose DEF is equal to or less than the ATK of "Throwstone Unit".

Thunder Crash
Destroy all monsters you control, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.

Thunder Dragon
You can discard this card; add up to 2 "Thunder Dragon" from your Deck to your hand.

Thunder Nyan Nyan
If you control a non-LIGHT monster: Destroy this card.

Thunder Of Ruler
During your opponent's Standby Phase: You can activate this card; there is no Battle Phase this turn.

Tiger Axe
A fast and powerful axe-wielding beast-warrior.

Time Seal
Skip the Draw Phase of your opponent's next turn.

Time Wizard
Once per turn: You can toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, destroy all monsters your opponent controls. If you call it wrong, destroy all monsters you control, and if you do, take damage equal to half the total ATK of those monsters.

Timeater
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Your opponent skips their next Main Phase 1.

Timidity
Neither player can destroy Set Spells/Traps until your opponent's next End Phase.

Token Feastevil
When a Token(s) is Special Summoned: Destroy as many Tokens on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Token destroyed.

Token Thanksgiving
Destroy all tokens on the field, and if you do, gain 800 LP for each token destroyed.

Toll
Players must pay 500 LP to declare an attack.

Tongyo
This monster captures other fish with its long tongue and sucks the energy out of them.

Toon Alligator
An alligator monster straight from the cartoons.

Toon Cannon Soldier
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack directly. You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Toon Defense
When an opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a face-up Level 4 or lower Toon monster you control: You can make the attack a direct attack instead.

Toon Gemini Elf
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Discard 1 random card from their hand.

Toon Goblin Attack Force
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the End Phase of your next turn.

Toon Masked Sorcerer
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card.

Toon Mermaid
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand), while you control "Toon World". Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 LP to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. This card can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks.

Toon Summoned Skull
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 monster, while you control "Toon World". Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 LP to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. Can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks.

Toon Table Of Contents
Add 1 "Toon" card from your Deck to your hand.

Toon World
Activate this card by paying 1000 LP.

Tornado Bird
FLIP: Target 2 Spells/Traps on the field; return those targets to the hand.

Tornado Wall
Activate only while "Umi" is on the field. While "Umi" is face-up on the field, you take no Battle Damage from attacking monsters. When "Umi" leaves the field: Destroy this card.

Torpedo Fish
When "Umi" is face-up on the field: This card is unaffected by Spells.

Torrental Tribute
When a monster(s) is Summoned: Destroy all monsters on the field.

Total Defense Shogun
If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change this card to Defense Position. This card can attack while it is in Defense Position. If this card attacks while in Defense Position: Apply the ATK of this card for damage calculation.

Tower Of Babel
Place 1 Spell Counter on this card when a Spell resolves. If the 4th Spell Counter is placed on this card: Destroy this card, and if you do, the player who activated the Spell Card at that time takes 3000 damage.

Tragedy
When a face-up Attack Position monster(s) your opponent controls is changed to face-up Defense Position: Destroy all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.

Trap Dustshoot
Activate only if your opponent has 4 or more cards in their hand; look at your opponent's hand, then send 1 monster from their hand to the Deck.

Trap Hole
When your opponent Normal or Flip Summons 1 monster with 1000 or more ATK: Target that monster; destroy that target.

Trap Jammer
When your opponent activates a Trap Card during the Battle Phase: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Trap Master
FLIP: Target 1 Trap on the field; Destroy it. If the target is Set, reveal it. If it is a Spell, return it to its original position.

Trap Of Board Eraser
When an effect that inflicts damage you is activated: That damage becomes 0 and your opponent discards 1 card.

Tremendous Fire
Take 500 damage and inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.

Triangle Ecstasy Spark
Until the end of this turn, the ATK of all "Harpie Lady Sisters" currently on the field becomes 2700, your opponent cannot activate any Traps, also negate your opponent's Trap effects on the field.

Triangle Spark
Face-up Level 1 Normal monsters (except Tokens) you control gain 2000 ATK/DEF, until the End Phase. During the End Phase: Destroy all Level 1 Normal monsters you control.

Tribe-Infecting Virus
You can discard 1 card and declare 1 Type; destroy all face-up monsters of the declared Type on the field.

Tribute Doll
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 Level 7 monster from your hand that can be Normal Summoned/Set. It cannot attack this turn.

Tribute To The Doomed
Discard 1 card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.

Troop Dragon
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Special Summon 1 "Troop Dragon" from your Deck.

Tsukuyomi
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.

Turtle Oath
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Crab Turtle". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.

Tutan Mask
When a Spell/Trap is activated that targets 1 Zombie monster on the field (and no other cards): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.

Twin Swords Of Flashing Light - Tryce
Send 1 card from your hand to the GY; equip this card to a monster. It loses 500 ATK, but it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.

Twin-Headed Behemoth
During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but its ATK/DEF become 1000. You can only use this effect of "Twin-Headed Behemoth" once per Duel.

Twin-Headed Wolf
If you control another Fiend: Negate the effects of Flip monsters destroyed by battle with this card.

Twinheaded Beast
This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.

Two Thousand Needles
When this Defense Position card is attacked by a monster with lower ATK than this card's DEF: Destroy that monster at the end of the Damage Step.

Two-Man Cell Battle
Once per turn, during each player's End Phase: The turn player can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Normal monster from their hand.

Two-Pronged Attack
Target 2 monsters you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy those targets.

Type Zero Magic Crusher
You can discard 1 Spell; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Tyrant Dragon
During your Battle Phase, if your opponent controls a monster after this card's first attack, this card can make a second attack. Negate any Trap effects that target this card on the field, and if you do, destroy that Trap. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the GY, unless you Tribute 1 Dragon monster.

UFO Turtle
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.

Ultimate Baseball Kid
Gains 1000 ATK for each face-up FIRE monster on the field, except this card. You can send 1 other face-up FIRE monster you control to the GY; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

Ultimate Insect LV1
This card is unaffected by Spells. During your Standby Phase, if this card was not summoned this turn: You can send this face-up card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV3" from your hand or Deck.

Ultimate Insect LV3
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV1": Monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK. During your Standby Phase, if this card was not summoned this turn: You can send this face-up card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV5" from your hand or Deck.

Ultimate Insect LV5
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV3": Monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK. During your Standby Phase, if this card was not summoned this turn: You can send this face-up card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV7" from your hand or Deck.

Ultimate Insect LV7
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV5": Monsters your opponent controls lose 700 ATK/DEF.

Ultimate Obedient Fiend
This card can only attack if it is the only card you control and you have no cards in your hand. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with this card.

Ultimate Offering
During your Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase: You can pay 500 LP; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon/Set 1 monster.

Ultra Evolution Pill
Tribute 1 Reptile monster; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur monster from your hand.

Umi
All Fish, Sea Serpent, Thunder, and Aqua monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF, also all Machine and Pyro monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF.

Umiiruka
All WATER monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.

Union Rider
Target 1 face-up Attack/Defense Position Union monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card (max. 1). A Union Monster that is equipped to this card cannot be Special Summoned using its own effect.

United We Stand
The equipped monster gains 800 ATK/DEF for each face-up monster you control.

Unshaven Angler
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a WATER monster.

Upstart Goblin
Draw 1 card, then your opponent gains 1000 LP.

Valkyrion The Magna Warrior
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior", "Beta The Magnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" from your hand and/or field. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior", "Beta The Magnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" in your GY; Special Summon them.

Vampire Baby
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the GY this turn: You can Special Summon that monster.

Vampire Genesis
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Vampire Lord" you control. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Zombie monster to the GY, then target 1 Zombie monster in your GY with a Level less than the discarded Zombie monster's; Special Summon that target.

Vampire Lady
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Declare Monster, Spell, or Trap; your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the GY.

Vampire Lord
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Declare Monster, Spell, or Trap; your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the GY. Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this card in your possession was destroyed and sent to your GY by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon this card from the GY.

Vampiric Orchis
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Des Dendle" from your hand.

Vengeful Bog Spirit
Monsters cannot attack the turn they are Summoned.

Versago The Destroyer
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct.

Vile Germs
A Plant monster equipped with this card gains 300 ATK/DEF.

Vilepawn Archfiend
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Pay 500 LP. If this card is targeted your opponent's card effect: Roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect, and if you do, destroy that card. Your opponent cannot target "Archfiend" monsters for attacks, except "Vilepawn Archfiend".

Violet Crystal
A Zombie monster equipped with this card gains 300 ATK/DEF.

Waboku
You take no battle damage this turn. Your monsters cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.

Wall Of Illusion
If this card is attacked by a monster, after damage calculation: Return that monster to the hand.

Wall Of Revealing Light
Activate by paying any multiple of 1000 LP; monsters your opponent controls cannot attack if their ATK is less than or equal to the amount you paid.

Wall Shadow
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Magical Labyrinth".

Wandering Mummy
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, rearrange the face-down Defense Position monsters in your Monster Card Zones, then return them in face-down Defense Position.

Wasteland
All Dinosaur, Zombie, and Rock monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF.

Watapon
If this card is added from your Deck to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card.

Wave-Motion Cannon
During your Main Phase: You can send this face-up card to the GY; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each of your Standby Phases that have passed since this card was activated.

Weapon Change
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can pay 700 LP, then target 1 Warrior or Machine monster you control; switch the current ATK and DEF of that target until the end of your opponent's next turn.

Weather Report
FLIP: Destroy all face-up "Swords of Revealing Light" your opponent controls. If "Swords of Revealing Light" is destroyed, you can perform your next Battle Phase twice.

Whirlwind Prodigy
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a WIND monster.

White Dragon Ritual
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of White Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 4 or more.

White Hole
When your opponent activates "Dark Hole": Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by that "Dark Hole's" effect.

White Magical Hat
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Discard 1 random card from their hand.

White Magician Pikeru
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Gain 400 LP for each monster you control.

White Ninja
FLIP: Target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; destroy that target.

Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou
Send 1 card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 monster on the field; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with the equipped monster.

Widespread Ruin
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy the 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied).

Wild Nature's Release
Target 1 Beast or Beast-Warrior monster; it gains ATK equal to its current DEF (until the End Phase), and if it does, it is destroyed during the End Phase.

Windstorm Of Etaqua
Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters your opponent controls.

Winged Kuriboh
If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: For the rest of this turn, you take no battle damage.

Winged Minion
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up Fiend monster on the field; it gains 700 ATK/DEF.

Winged Sage Falcos
When this card destroys an opponent's face-up Attack Position monster by battle and sends it to their Graveyard: You can place that monster on top of their Deck.

Witch Doctor Of Chaos
FLIP: Target 1 monster in any GY; banish that target.

Witch Of The Black Forest
If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Add 1 monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.

Witch's Apprentice
All DARK monsters gain 500 ATK and all LIGHT monsters lose 400 ATK.

Wodan The Resident Of The Forest
Gains 100 ATK for each face-up Plant monster on the field.

Woodland Sprite
You can send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the GY; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.

World Suppression
When a Field Spell is activated: Negate its effects until the end of this turn.

Wynn The Wind Charmer
FLIP: Target 1 WIND monster your opponent controls; take control of that target while this card is face-up on the field.

Xing Zhen Hu
Activate by targeting 2 Set Spells/Traps on the field; those targets cannot be activated.

XY-Dragon Cannon
"X-Head Cannon" + "Y-Dragon Head"
Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy that target.

XYZ-Dragon Cannon
"X-Head Cannon" + "Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank"
Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.

XZ-Tank Cannon
"X-Head Cannon" + "Z-Metal Tank"
Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy that target.

Y-Dragon Head
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "X-Head Cannon" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. A monster equipped with this card gains 400 ATK/DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.

Yado Karu
When this card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position, you can send any number of cards from your hand to the bottom of your Deck in any order.

Yamata Dragon
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, draw until you have 5 cards in your hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.

Yami
All Fiend and Spellcaster monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF, also all Fairy monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF.

Yata-Garasu
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, they skip their next Draw Phase. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.

Yellow Luster Shield
All monsters you control gain 300 DEF.

Yomi Ship
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Destroy the monster that destroyed this card.

YZ-Tank Dragon
"Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank"
Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.

Z-Metal Tank
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "X-Head Cannon" or "Y-Dragon Head" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. A monster equipped with this card gains 600 ATK/DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.

Zaborg The Thunder Monarch
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.

Zero Gravity
Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters on the field.

Zolga
If a monster is Tribute Summoned by Tributing this card: Gain 2000 LP.

Zombie Tiger
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "Decayed Commander" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. A monster equipped with this card gains 500 ATK/DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Discard 1 random card from their hand.

Zombyra The Dark
Cannot attack directly. If this card destroys a monster by battle: This card loses 200 ATK.